I got it.
I fell into a trap they had designed.
Now performing at the magic church
I am the leader.
Guo Ling Tian is easy to die
This national part must also be lost.
The entire martial arts world will think that our Bat Lao village is the one who started the revenge.
I am the place of history.
So what do we do now?
There is only one way now.
It is to find Master Guo.
And pray he's alive.
This is in the Devil's sect.
How do we find it?
Don't forget I am now the leader of the Demonic Cult.
Finding people is not difficult.
How much ability do you think you have, old man Pham Ta?
How many waves can it produce?
It turns out it's not much more than that.
When I led the great sects to besiege your Buddhism.
Let you hand over the leader after 0 days.
If you can't deliver it
Otherwise this is a corpse.
Well then there is a good show to watch.
Sect Master, I will go and get the news about Guo Mingzhu from the Demonic Cult out now.
Next.
But it is my To Truong Tung's world.
How is Lord Guo?
His situation is not very optimistic now.
And the tendons are completely damaged.
Do your best.
If they force us to hand them over to the palace gates...
What should we do?
If there really is such a day
You all go home.
I will handle the rest myself.
I don't. I will follow you.
I'm here too.
Like you helped me.
But this time it will really be deadly.
So I can only try my best to save the princess.
Gave me a lot of life-saving medicine.
Woke up and everything was fine.
If not wake up
Prepare for the worst.
Big deal then fight them.
Also, you send back messages.
Let everyone escape.
I feel
It's about to rain blood again.